Yes, this is well-organized.
Good work!
Thank you!
You do a good job of putting
the documents together?
Yes, the chief complimented me on it.
That's great! I'm so happy for you.
I told you not to tousle my hair!
I've said this so many times, Senpai!
You treat me like a child way too much!
No matter how you look at it,
I'm a grown woman!
"A Grown Woman"
What?!
Anyway, one day I'll be good enough
for you to rely on, Takeda-senpai!
So, you'd better watch out!
What are you, a yakuza?
What the heck are you going on about,
Igarashi? I count on you plenty.
Oh, really?
Yeah, your cooking's so good.
That has nothing to do with work!
Thanks to Takeda-kun here, we landed
a contract with a major client!
Let's give him a big hand!
It was just a matter of good timing.
Thanks for your help, everyone!
Takeda-san's incredible, huh?
Yeah, pretty impressive.
He always looks so imposing.
How can a guy get that buff?
Takeda-senpai's worked so hard and all...
Hello there.
Mona-san! Don't sneak up on me like that!
Sorry.
Why were you smiling to yourself just now?
Huh?
Did something good happen?
Uh, well...
Not to me, but...
My senpai just landed an important
contract with a major new client.
Kudos!
"Kudos!" "Kudos!"
Huh? What?
Isn't that a great accomplishment?
Yes, it is!
And yet, he says it was just
a matter of good timing...
How modest of him.
I think he's pretty amazing.
Yes, he is!
He's really, really amazing!
Then, why are you so happy, Igarashi-san?
Huh?
No, no. I wouldn't say that...
Takeda-senpai was like a mentor to me.
I mean, he took me under his wing, so...
So you respect him.
Or maybe it's affection?
My face feels so flushed...
Why did Mona-san have to
say something weird like that?
Senpai, are you working on
the documents for the new client?
Yeah.
Would you like me to help?
That's okay, I'll be done soon.
Oh...
Wow.
Takeda-san's pretty amazing, huh?
Yeah, but...
...because of that,
he does everything himself...
So, you're lonely because
he doesn't rely on you?
N-No, it's not like that at all...
Well, see you later.
Okay.
All this time I've worked hard to become
a full-fledged salesperson, but...
...maybe Senpai still thinks I'm a rookie.
I wonder when I'll be able to stand
on my own two feet...
There's been a problem?
Yeah, they asked me to
come over right away.
But you've got a presentation to give.
I don't know what to do.
Say, why don't I do
the presentation instead?
I helped you prepare it, Senpai,
so I know all the details.
We go to this client all the time.
And I know how to give one.
Will you be okay all by yourself?
I'll be fine!
Igarashi, can I count on you?
Yes! I got this!
Then, go get 'em!
Good luck, Futaba-chan!
Take care!
Okay, I'll be right back!
Don't worry! You got this!
Senpai's taught you so much already.
So...
...now it's your turn to help him!
May I come in?
Yes... Yes, the presentation went well.
The client was happy and said
our proposal was fine as it is.
Okay. Good work, Igarashi.
You're a real lifesaver.
All right, I'll be back shortly!
Yay, I did it!
"Soba"
A bowl of udon after a hard
day's work sure hits the spot!
Hey, you shouldn't laugh so much.
But it's hilarious.
Come to think of it...
It's been a while since
I've had lunch by myself.
He kept saying, "Just one more bar."
And we wound up going to five more.
I'm back!
Welcome ba--!
Takeda-san! I heard you
landed a huge contract.
Let's all go out and celebrate!
I know a bar that serves
only the good stuff!
You can drink and tell us all about it.
Takeda-san's pretty popular
with the ladies...
That's because he landed
that amazing contract.
He's our company's savior.
Well, then I want to be a savior, too!
So the ladies'll come flocking to me!
Okay, okay.
What's this feeling inside my chest?
Igarashi. Hey, Igarashi.
Wh-What is it?!
What's the matter? You look out of it.
I-It's nothing.
Thanks for what you did today!
You're welcome...
So, where's the party going to be at?
Huh?
They invited you just now, didn't they?
Oh, I turned them down.
But why?
Well, I don't mind going out for drinks.
But I'm not big on having
parties thrown for me.
I'm surprised how shy
you can be sometimes...
But everyone wants to celebrate with you.
You should definitely go!
But...
As an adult, it reflects badly on you not
going because you're not big on parties.
And besides, Senpai, you said it yourself.
It was thanks to everyone
that we landed the contract.
I never thought I'd get
lectured by my kouhai.
All right.
I'll tell them I'm going.
Want to come to the party with me?
No, I'll sit this one out.
Go by yourself and let them
celebrate all they want, Senpai.
Oh, okay.
That's strange...
I'm really happy his hard work's
being recognized, but...
...I don't want to see the ladies
fawning all over him.
Okay, let's go.
Hey, hey, there are so many of you.
Guess I'll be going home now.
I hear this place makes great ramen.
It looks so good.
That's great!
I'm very particular about my ramen.
But it all tastes the same to you.
Aw, can it!
Kurobe-san!
What a coincidence!
You out for a run?
Uh-huh! I want to catch up with
the other guys in the basketball club,
so I run every day.
I see you're working hard.
How's the basketball club?
It's a lot of fun! I'm still not
very good at it, but...
Talking while running...
You do that on purpose, right?
Yeah, that's the idea.
Want to walk instead?
That's okay!
No answer...
"G: Touring with my best bud!
I'll send you a souvenir!"
Grandpa?
"G: Touring with my best bud!
I'll send you a souvenir!"
"Looking forward to it!"
I'm really in the mood
for a drink tonight.
But it's pretty hard to walk
into an izakaya alone...
Welcome! How many in your party?
Just me.
Come on in! Someone will
show you to your seat!
I'm a full-fledged salesperson now!
I'll be fine!
Thank you for coming!
Will your party be joining you later?
Oh, um, I came here alone today...
Is that all right?
Of course! Please have
a seat at the counter.
Okay! I'll do my best!
I'm looking forward to working with you!
Me, too. We're counting on you.
Cheers!
I remember when I
was a new hire like him...
My name is Igarashi Futaba,
and I will be working here starting today.
Nice to meet you.
"Takeda: Meeting Client
Then Coming to Work"
"New Hire's Self-Introduction (11:00-)"
Igarashi-san?
I'm Sakurai Touko. Nice to meet you.
N-Nice to meet you too, Sakurai-san.
Say...
Yes?
Do you mind if I call you "Igarashi-chan"?
Why would you?
Because you're just so small and adorable.
Sakurai-san!
Granted, I may have
somewhat childish features.
But while I may be new here, keep in mind
that I'm also an adult member of society.
So, please don't treat me like a child!
Oh... Then, would "Futaba-chan" be okay?
Were you even listening to me?
Anyway, I think those forms of
address are much too casual
for someone you've just met.
Where are you going, Futaba-chan?
To get something to drink!
I know I never got my
growth spurt, but still...
Sakurai-san's got such a nice figure.
Ow, that's hard... Huh?!
H-He's so huge!
Huh? Haven't seen you around here before.
I-I-I-I'm really sorry! I wasn't
watching where I was going...
Hey, don't sweat it!
You here to get a drink?
Uh, yes.
Which one?
Oshiruko...
Okie dokie.
It's my treat. Catch!
Uh, thank you...
Um... Do you work in the sales department?
Yeah. I had to go see a client first,
so that's why I'm late.
I ran all the way here, so I'm parched.
I see...
Good... He seems like a nice guy.
Oh, right! I'd better introduce myself.
Hello. Today's my first--
So, you come here today on a field trip?
What?
I remember someone saying some junior
high students were coming on a field trip.
Anyhow, you're a wee little thing.
Just eat a lot, and you'll grow.
Your future's ahead of you.
Take care. I've got to go mentor
the new guy who's starting today.
Kazama, are you letting junior
high students tour the office?
Huh? No, nobody came today.
That's weird. There was this girl
who looked like she was in junior high.
I think the girl you saw is probably--
Takeda-kun, come over here!
I'll be right there.
Sorry, got to go.
I'm back.
Igarashi-san, did you
happen to run into...
Yes?
Oh, sorry. Never mind.
Looks like he screwed up big time...
What's the matter?
Chief, sorry I'm late.
No problem.
But I already had the new hire address
the staff and introduce herself.
Igarashi-san, come over here!
Hello there. I'll be working
with you starting today...
Huh?!
What's this? You know each other already?
You're a grownup?
Sorry if I look like I'm in junior high!
Chief, give me somebody else.
W-W-Well, that's not how it works.
Takeda-kun, do you have
any idea what's wrong?
Yeah... a little...
Anyway, Igarashi-san, I know that
deep down you may not want to,
but at this office you are senpai and
kouhai, so let's all work together, okay?
Hey, you still mad about what happened?
Not really.
Well, since I can't very well
get out of it...
I'm looking forward to working
with you, Takeda-senpai.
Yeah. Same here, Igarashi.
He was annoying from the day we met.
But we've been together ever since...
Together... this whole time...
Hey, wassa grade schooler doin' here?
I'm not a grade schooler!
Yew shouldn't be in a place like dis.
--Where's yer mommy?
--Uh, hey...
Don't sit next to me, please!
Why not? Nobody's sittin' here.
Wass yer name, little girl?
Ah'll stay here wit'cha
till yer mommy comes.
Don't!
Who are yew?!
I'm her senpai.
Oh, I'm so sorry for the disturbance.
Hey, you shouldn't
go around bothering people.
Give me a draft beer.
One draft beer, coming up!
Senpai, didn't you go to
the party they threw for you?
Yeah, I went.
I showed up, said a few words, and left.
Wasn't it a bit too soon for that?
You think so?
But then I thought...
...I'd rather be drinking
with you than with all of them.
Come on, what are you talking about?
Honestly...
Hey, it's not like you to drink so much.
Well, it's because you say
such weird things, Senpai.
What did I say?
Argh!
Senpai...
Yeah?
You must...
Huh? What's the matter?
Oh, n-never mind.
Shenpai, you must really like me!
Why did I start to say that again?
This reminds me of the time...
No, more like every time...
We were sitting here drinking like this.
What's gotten into you all of a sudden?
Yeah, well, compared to then,
Igarashi, you've grown a lot.
That's because you were
there for me, Senpai.
I know I put you through a lot and...
...I'm sure I was a pretty sassy rookie.
But you really looked after me and...
...well, I'm grateful for that, I guess.
You're drunk, aren't you?
We drank a bit too much.
We sure did.
It's almost time for the last train.
Sorry to keep you out so late.
You should be.
I can't believe you'd keep
a lady out this late at night.
It's fun drinking with you.
Senpai, I went to a client's
all by myself today.
Yeah.
I gave a presentation
and ate lunch alone, too.
Uh-huh.
Soon I'll be a full-fledged salesperson.
So, don't expect me
to always be by your side.
Say, Igarashi.
Yes?
It's nothing serious.
Look, I don't know who'll be
with you down the road, but...
...I'll be by your side,
protecting you until then.
You're drunk, aren't you?
Yeah, I guess.
Well, just make sure you
protect me until then, all right?
"Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Scattered Showers in the Afternoon"
It's really coming down hard...
"Itomaki Ramen"
What's the matter?
I forgot my umbrella.
Oh.
Then, you want to share mine?
What? But I couldn't...
Come on, don't be shy.
W-We're walking under the same umbrella!
I'll buy myself an umbrella at
the closest convenience store.
You don't have to do that, you know.
You're walking under mine.
B-But...
You're getting wet. Come in closer.
D-D-Dum...!
Senpai, you really are annoying.